Update Installation Instructions for VS Code .NET MAUI Extension (#2033)
dotnet/docs-maui: docs/get-started/installation.md

> [!NOTE]
> The .NET MAUI extension requires the C# Dev Kit and prerelease C# extensions. You must sign into C# Dev Kit to use the .NET MAUI extension's functionality. See [this blog post](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/announcing-csharp-dev-kit-for-visual-studio-code/) for more information about C# Dev Kit and its family of extensions.

## Install .NET and .NET MAUI workloads

1. Install [.NET 8](/dotnet/core/install/windows).

>     1. On Windows, it is recommended to use the Visual Studio installer to manage .NET and the .NET MAUI workload installations. Instructions on using the Visual Studio installer can be found [here](./installation.md?tabs=vswin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    On Windows, it's recommended to use the Visual Studio installer to manage .NET and the .NET MAUI workload installations. Instructions on using the Visual Studio installer can be found [here](./installation.md?tabs=vswin).
```

> 1. Install .NET MAUI workload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the .NET MAUI workload:
```

>     - Windows/MacOS: Run `dotnet workload install maui` in a terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    On Windows and macOS, run the following command in a terminal: 
    
    ```cmd
    dotnet workload install maui
    ```
```

>     - Linux: Run `dotnet workload install maui-android` in a terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    On Linux, run the following command in a terminal:
    
    ```cmd
    dotnet workload install maui-android
    ```
```

> ## Set up Target Platforms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set up target platforms
```

> To debug a .NET MAUI app in Visual Studio code, you need to have a valid target platform based on your development machine's operating system:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To debug a .NET MAUI app in Visual Studio Code, you need to have a valid target platform for your development machine's operating system:
```

| Your Operating System | Supported Target Platforms |
|---|---|
| Windows | Windows, Android |
| macOS | Android, iOS, macOS |
| Linux | Android |

> ### iOS and MacOS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### iOS and macOS
```

> To debug to an iOS or MacOS target in Visual Studio Code, follow the steps below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To debug to an iOS or macOS target in Visual Studio Code:
```

1. Install the [latest stable Xcode](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12).
1. Run `xcode-select --install` in a terminal to acquire the Xcode command line tools.

### Android

> To debug to an Android target in Visual Studio Code, follow the steps below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To debug to an Android target in Visual Studio Code:
```

1. Install [Microsoft OpenJDK 11](/java/openjdk/download#openjdk-11).

> 1. Install the Android SDK via one of the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the Android SDK via one of the following approaches:
```

>     * **(Recommended)** Create a new .NET MAUI project (`dotnet new maui`) and use the [InstallAndroidDependencies target](#using-installandroiddependencies).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **(Recommended)** Create a new .NET MAUI project (`dotnet new maui`) and use the [InstallAndroidDependencies target](#using-the-installandroiddependencies-target).
```

If you try to create a new project and the file explorer keeps popping up in an infinite loop, you may not be selecting an empty folder. Check that there are no hidden files or folders, create a new folder, or create your .NET MAUI app from the command line using `dotnet new maui`.

> #### Using "InstallAndroidDependencies"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using the InstallAndroidDependencies target
```

.NET 8 has a build target that helps set up your Android environment for you. Run the following command in a terminal to configure your machine and set up your Android environment:

> > `dotnet build -t:InstallAndroidDependencies -f:net8.0-android -p:AndroidSdkDirectory "<AndroidSdkPath>" -p:JavaSdkDirectory "<JavaSdkPath>" -p:AcceptAndroidSDKLicenses=True`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```cmd
dotnet build -t:InstallAndroidDependencies -f:net8.0-android -p:AndroidSdkDirectory "<AndroidSdkPath>" -p:JavaSdkDirectory "<JavaSdkPath>" -p:AcceptAndroidSDKLicenses=True
```

> * `AndroidSdkDirectory "<AndroidSdkPath>"` : installs or updates Android dependencies to the specified path (Note: Must use an absolute path).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the command above:
* `AndroidSdkDirectory "<AndroidSdkPath>"`: installs or updates Android dependencies to the specified absolute path.
```

  * Windows: the suggested AndroidSdkPath is `%LOCALAPPDATA%/Android/Sdk`.
  * MacOS: the suggested AndroidSdkPath is `$HOME/Library/Android/sdk`.

> * `JavaSdkDirectory "<JavaSdkPath>"` : installs Java to the specified path (Note: Must be an absolute path).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `JavaSdkDirectory "<JavaSdkPath>"`: installs Java to the specified absolute path.
```

> * `AcceptAndroidSDKLicenses=True` : accepts the necessary Android licenses for development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `AcceptAndroidSDKLicenses=True`: accepts the required Android licenses for development.
```
